it's called Indiana Jones King no
crystal skull lego movie and he was
Indiana Jones okay now I have to go
upstairs
this is really really now I am going to
go upstairs and find my friend hey
where's my friends ah okay let's go I'll
just go downstairs downstairs don't stir
oh what's happening whoa one slide down
the water flow now that hooked Hey why
do you do it you and I like behind you
oh yeah oh yeah oh you naked can you put
on clothes okay it really helped thank
you
now let's fight welcome couch
not to climb up here okay save him save
you no get down you know I'm not telling
you I'm stuck um you need can you save
me I'll hold on to my whip on okay just
stay right there though now I can go
I'll just fix this down okay don't you
go wow this is a great finish
oh I'll get the crystal
[Music]
come on okay Oh No
now all I have to do is tell em Jesus
hey Andy hallo this is crystal fine I'm
fine I'm fine
oh just like it's okay I need anything
no you said you got it now try fill up
on guys come on oh why did you have to
put this boy you just put it with you um
you can't how that ball
don't stare at you before this place
explodes Oh in the jungle or something
go away
Oh like in the desert guys you don't
have to be scared
[Music]
hold on what do I always have to be
glassed oh now I should go heal okay I
need to get my wig ah okay okay hey
oh you Hey yes I remember you let's just
can you just um put the back before they
killed
Oh fine fine fine but this is the end of
Indiana Jones kingdom of crystal of
school ha